First of all, the ROS master will run and
should be running until the robotics software
is terminated.
Let's assume that we have two programs to
execute, that is two ROS nodes: one, a program
that translates velocity commands to actual
low-level motor commands -- a driver
second, a program that sends commands to move
the robot forward.
The motor_driver will notify the ROS master
that it wants to subscribe to a topic named
command vel.
The ROS master records that information.
The move_forward node will notify the ROS
master that it is a publisher to the topic
named command vel.
The ROS master retrieves the information about
the already existing subscriber
and a direct connection is established between
motor_driver and move_forward.
Every message sent by move_forward is received
by motor_driver, making the robot move.